Consumer information
10-10
10
EAU26753
YAMAHA EXTENDED SERVICE (Y.E.S.)
Keep your Yamaha protected even after your limited 
warranty expires with genuine Yamaha Extended Service 
(Y.E.S.).
Y.E.S. is designed and administered by Yamaha Motor 
Corporation to provide maximum owner satisfaction. It 
provides uninterrupted factory-backed coverage for extra 
peace of mind.
Y.E.S. is flexible. You choose the plan that’s right for
you: 12 months, 24 months, 36 months or, on certain 
models, even 48 months beyond your warranty period.
Y.E.S. is designed and administered by the same 
Yamaha people who handle your warranty – and it
shows in the comprehensive coverage benefits. There 
are no mileage limitations. Coverage isn’t limited to 
“moving parts” or the “drivetrain” like many other plans. 
And Y.E.S. covers manufacturing defects just like the 
warranty. See the sample contract at your Yamaha
dealer to see how comforting uninterrupted factory-
backed protection can be.
You don’t have to pay anything for covered repairs. 
There’s no deductible to pay, and repairs aren’t
“pro-rated.” You don’t have any “out-of-pocket” expenses 
for covered repairs.
In addition, Travel and Recreation Interruption Protection 
(TRIP) is included at no extra cost. TRIP gives you up to 
$250 reimbursement per occurrence for any reasonable 
expenses you incur because your Yamaha needs 
covered service: replacement vehicle rental, emergency 
towing, phone calls, even food and lodging when you are 
away from home. This superb coverage goes into effect 
when you purchase Y.E.S., so it applies to any warranty 
repairs as well as covered repairs during your entire 
Y.E.S. plan period.
Y.E.S. coverage is honored at any authorized Yamaha 
dealer nationwide.
Y.E.S. coverage is transferable to a new owner if you
sell or trade-in. That can make your Yamaha much more 
valuable!
This excellent Y.E.S. plan coverage is only available to 
Yamaha owners like you, and only while your Yamaha is still 
within the Yamaha Limited Warranty period. So visit your 
authorized Yamaha dealer to get all the facts. They can show 
you how easy it is to protect your investment with Yamaha 
Extended Service.
