Consumer information
10-8
10
EAU26719
YAMAHA MOTOR CANADA LTD. MOTORCYCLE WARRANTY GUIDE
Congratulations on the purchase of your new Yamaha motorcycle. 
You have chosen a quality product designed and manufactured to 
bring you years of enjoyment.
This information explains Yamaha’s warranty policy. You will find the 
answers to most of your questions by reading it through.
If you require further assistance, see your Yamaha dealer. Their 
qualified personnel will be pleased to meet all your service 
requirements, both during and after the warranty period.
Keep in mind that Yamaha manufactures many other quality 
products too. For further information on our complete line-up, 
contact your dealer or visit our web site.
For a product brochure, or a dealer near you, go to our web site.
Yamaha Motor Canada Ltd. 
480 Gordon Baker Road, Toronto, Ontario M2H 3B4
(416) 498-1911 www.yamaha-motor.ca
In this warranty, the term ‘MOTORCYCLE’ shall refer to a new 
motorcycle manufactured by YAMAHA MOTOR COMPANY, LTD. 
(‘MANUFACTURER’) under the trade name of Yamaha, distributed 
by YAMAHA MOTOR CANADA LTD. (‘YAMAHA’), sold at retail by 
an authorized Yamaha dealer (‘DEALER’). The term ‘CUSTOMER’ 
shall refer to the owner or lessee of record of the MOTORCYCLE 
registered with YAMAHA and to any subsequent owner, and the 
term ‘DELIVERY’ shall refer to the date of delivery of the 
MOTORCYCLE from the DEALER to the CUSTOMER.
Periods of warranty:
1.
This warranty does not apply unless:
1.
Pleasure Use (including government use)
a)
Any part defective by reason of the MANUFACTURER’s 
faulty workmanship or material will be replaced or repaired 
free of charge.
a)
the complete model and serial number as shown on the original 
warranty document;
1.
the name of the previous owner;
2.
the original delivery date of the MOTORCYCLE;
3.
the complete name and address of the subsequent owner;
4.
the indication that the subsequent owner has received and read 
the Owner’s Manual and this warranty policy.
5.
Any repairs or adjustments made necessary by reason of the 
MANUFACTURER’s faulty workmanship or material will be 
performed free of charge.
b)
The period of warranty shall be ninety days commencing 
on DELIVERY on all models designated PW, TT and on 
YZ65 and YZ85 models.
The period of warranty shall be one year commencing on 
DELIVERY on all other models.
i) Basic Period of Warranty
In the event DELIVERY occurs between January 1st and 
April 30th, the warranty shall extend to April 30th of the 
following year.
ii) Additional 
Period 
of Warranty 
for 
Street-Legal 
Motorcycles
Yamaha Motorcycle Warranty Policy
Subject to Section D, YAMAHA offers the following warranty 
coverage to the CUSTOMER:
Section A — Warranty
During these periods of warranty:
2.
The MANUFACTURER reserves the right to change the design of 
any model without obligation to modify any model previously 
manufactured.
The warranty set forth in Section A may be transferred to any 
subsequent owner provided that the period of warranty has not 
expired and that the CUSTOMER has complied with all terms and 
conditions of this warranty.
The subsequent owner has the responsibility for ensuring that a 
change of registration is sent to YAMAHA at the time of such 
transfer of ownership.
This transfer MUST be done by contacting the DEALER who will 
forward the following information to YAMAHA:
Section B — Subsequent Owner
The MOTORCYCLE has been fully assembled and set to the 
MANUFACTURER’s operating specifications by a DEALER 
prior to DELIVERY to the CUSTOMER.
a)
The CUSTOMER has followed the break-in and storage 
instructions contained in the Owner’s Manual and all other 
instructions shown in the Owner’s Manual.
b)
The CUSTOMER can provide record of maintenance having 
been performed as recommended in the Owner’s Manual.
c)
Requests for repairs under warranty have been made as 
prescribed in Section C.
d)
This warranty does not cover the repair of damage resulting 
from abuse or neglect of the MOTORCYCLE. Examples of 
abuse and neglect include, but are not limited to:
2.
racing, competition, MOTORCYCLE models designated WR 
or YZ, with the exception of WR25R, WR25X, YZ65 and YZ85 
models, modification of original parts or abnormal strain;
a)
use of lubricants, oils, fuel, fuel additives and mixtures other 
than those recommended in the Owner’s Manual, improperly 
installed accessories or use of parts or accessories that are 
not equivalent in design and quality to genuine Yamaha parts;
b)
Section D — Exclusions
Ensure 
that 
the 
MOTORCYCLE 
is 
properly 
operated, 
maintained and stored as specified in the Owner’s Manual.
1.
Give notice to a DEALER of any and all apparent defects 
immediately 
upon 
discovery, 
and 
make 
the 
entire 
MOTORCYCLE available at that time for inspection and repair at 
the DEALER’S place of business.
2.
Provide proof of warranty coverage to such DEALER 
(CUSTOMER’S copy of the New Vehicle Information Statement: 
N.V.I.S.).
3.
Authorize the DEALER to tear down the MOTORCYCLE for 
diagnostic evaluation should it be required.
4.
To obtain repairs under warranty, the CUSTOMER must:
Section C — Obtaining Repairs Under Warranty
All warranty repairs must be done by a DEALER and final approval 
of any repairs rests with YAMAHA. All parts replaced become the 
property of YAMAHA.
Commercial Use
b)
The period of warranty shall be half of the warranty period 
indicated for pleasure use, commencing on DELIVERY on 
any MOTORCYCLE which has been identified as being used 
for commercial applications.
damage as a result of accidents, collisions, contact with 
foreign materials, impact, submersion or use of the 
MOTORCYCLE after discovery of a defect;
c)
appearance-related damages of body parts. Examples of 
such damages include but are not limited to: scratches, 
dents, fading, flaking, peeling.
d)
This warranty does not extend to:
3.
MOTORCYCLES which have been modified in any way from 
the standard specifications as shown in the Owner’s Manual, 
including any MOTORCYCLE whose odometer has been 
altered;
a)
normal wear and tear, corrosion and routine maintenance, 
such as the recommended service inspections;
b)
pre-delivery inspection and assembly;
c)
MOTORCYCLES 
from 
which 
the 
MANUFACTURER’s 
identification numbers have been removed or whose 
identification numbers have been altered or mutilated;
d)
wear and tear and/or maintenance parts such as drive 
chains, clutch plates and facings, oils and lubricants, spark 
plugs, batteries, generator brushes, sealed beams and light 
bulbs, tires, filters, brake pads, drive belts and fuses;
e)
inconvenience, loss of time, loss of income or loss of use of 
the MOTORCYCLE or any consequential damage of any 
kind;
f)
